I'm gonna give you a little project.
Just a little one.
So I want you to write some bit of code,
In your experiments.js here.
We can just delete all this and
start from here.
And I want you to take it, so that I have,
let's say const timesToRepeat = 10.
And I want you to have const character or
something like that equal to,
let's put, I don't know,
b or something like that,
or you can put an emoji in there if
you want to, that might be more fun.
So we're gonna put dog emoji,
cuz I like dogs, whatever you want.
And then I want you to
write some loop that
takes that character and
repeats it that many times.
So if I had this and
I console.logged the answer,
whatever answer it is, right,
This would log out
a string of this 10 times,
right, 1,2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
Right, does it make sense
what I'm looking for?
Okay, so
you're gonna write your code here.
You have to define, so
answer is gonna be something like that.
Okay, So
why am I having you do this?
This is really to just have
you flex some muscles about
learning strings and
concatenating strings together and
learning how to do loops correctly, right?
One of the things that we
didn't talk about, but, Here,
let's say we wanted to do,
let's just refresh this.
Yeah, here we go.
Let numberOfTimesToRepeat, = 10.
I can totally take this and replace this
with, right, I can put variables in here.
There's no reason that I had to
put a hand coded number in there.
So you might wanna take
advantage of that as well.
Also make sure you're declaring your
variable outside of your for loop.
We'll talk about this in
our scoping section, but
if I say let dog = blah in here,
I can't refer to dog outside of here.
It's gonna be like,
I don't know what dog is,
because dog is inside this block and
it's not visible outside of that block.
So just make sure that you
have let answer exist up here.
You might consider starting with an empty
string, that's kind of up to you.
Okay, so, My answer is on this page,
you just have to scroll down a little bit.
I've given a bit of whitespace,
so you don't accidentally cheat.